refactor(dynamic-sampling): rename uniform bias (#966)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/dynamic-sampling/fidelity-and-biases.mdx

This bias is the simplest one that can be defined. It applies to any incoming trace and is defined on a per-project basis.

_The sample rate of the boost low volume projects bias is computed using an algorithm that leverages a dynamic sample rate obtained by measuring the incoming volume of transactions in a sliding time window, known as the target fidelity rate. This rate is obtained by calling, at fixed intervals, the `get_sampling_tier_for_volume` function (defined [here](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/f3a2220ccd3a2118a1255a4c96a9ec2010dab0d8/src/sentry/quotas/base.py#L481)), which given the volume in a time window, will determine the appropriate target fidelity rate for the entire organization._

The algorithm used in this bias, computes a new sample rate with the goal of prioritizing low-volume projects, which can be drowned out by high-volume projects. The mechanism used for prioritizing is similar to the low-volume transactions bias in which given the sample rate of the organization and the counts of each project, it computes a new sample rate for each project, assuming an ideal distribution of the counts.

<Alert title="✨ Note" level="info">

> The algorithms for low-volume transactions and boost low volume projects bias are run periodically (with cron jobs) with a sliding window to account for changes in the incoming volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The algorithms for boosting low volume transactions and projects are run periodically (with cron jobs) with a sliding window to account for changes in the incoming volume.
```
